# Cancer-Predictor
This project was done with a dataset provided by NAVONEEL CHAKRABARTY on Kaggle. The purpose of this project was to build a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) that could determine if someone had a brain tumor or not based purely on their MRI. The project was built with Tensorflow and Keras for building the CNN and training it. The accuracy that I was able to achieve was roughly 91% which I think is very good. The reason for this is that if the accuracy was much higher, as in 99-100%, that would seem to indicate overfitting of the model. In which case drop out would have needed to be implemented. However, I believe that the accuracy the model achieved is high enough to be useful while not being so high that overfitting would be a problem. I then added a way for the weights of the neural network to be saved so that way it would not need to be trained every time for the model to be used. The program will check to see if the weights file is present in the current folder, if not then it will train the model and create the weights files for later use. The Y52.jpg was the file I used to validate the model, and it predicted it accurately. The archive.zip file is the rest of the pictures that were used to train the model, I couldn't upload all of them individually to github. So if you would like to try training this model then you will need to unzip that file in order to have the appropriate files to do so. Please do not forget to remove Y52.jpg from the yes folder in the main folder. Thank you for takng the time to look at my work.
